include the combine_searches script and clarify local path syntax (#86)
Rappsilber-Laboratory/XiSearch: README.md

Multiple fasta files can be given, by providing  a --fasta= argument per fasta file.

> Relative paths pointing to files in the current directory have to be preceded by ./

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files in the current folder need to be preceded by ./
```
